Update README.en.md: translate some Chinese content (#183)
sparanoid/chinese-copywriting-guidelines: README.en.md

## Nouns

> ### Use proper upper/lower cases for specialized terms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Capitalize properly
```

> The relative usage of upper/lower cases belongs to the realm of English orthography, and it is out of the scope of this wiki. Only some common bad usages are hereby briefly discussed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of upper/lower cases is a matter of English orthography, which is beyond the scope of this wiki. Here we exemplify some typical scenarios.
```
